[
[ "It seems that you will die tomorrow. Live and learn.",
"It seems you'll die tomorrow. Live to old, learn to be old.",
"It seems you'll die tomorrow. Live by age, learn how to be old.",
"It looks like you will die tomorrow. Over the years, learn how to grow old.",
"It looks like you're going to die tomorrow. For many years, learn how to get back.",
"It looks like you will die tomorrow. For many years, how to get the lessons done.",
"Make sure to die tomorrow. For many years, how to get the lessons done.",
"Be sure to die tomorrow for years to get the lessons.",
"Make sure you die tomorrow to get lessons.",
"Make sure you die tomorrow to get lessons.",
"Make sure you die tomorrow for lessons.",
"Make sure you die tomorrow for education.",
"Be sure to die tomorrow for education.",
"Be sure to die tomorrow for education.",
"Be sure to die tomorrow for education.",
"Be sure to die tomorrow for education." ],
[ "Things that won't kill us will make us stronger.",
"Things that we will not kill us will make us stronger.",
"The things that we will not kill will make us stronger.",
"What we do not kill will be stronger.",
"The one who does not kill us will be strong.",
"Whoever we do not kill will be strong.",
"We are a murderer, be strong.",
"We are a killer, be strong.",
"We are killers, be strong.",
"We killers, be strong.",
"We murderers, were strong.",
"We murder, they are weak.",
"We kill them, they are weak.",
"We kill them, they are weak.",
"We kill them, they are weak.",
"We kill them, they are weak." ],
[ "Efforts are not a success, but a value.",
"Efforts are not a success, but worth.",
"The efforts are not a success, but it's worth it.",
"The effort is not successful, but it is worthwhile.",
"Try not to succeed, but that's right.",
"Do not try to succeed, but it's right.",
"Do not try to make progress, but it's right.",
"Do not try to make progress, but right.",
"Do not try to move forward but correctly.",
"Do not try to proceed but correctly.",
"Do not attempt to proceed but correctly.",
"Do not try to go but not.",
"Do not go, but.",
"Do not go, but.",
"Do not go, but.",
"Do not go, but." ],
[ "The two roads are forked on the wood, I - I took a less-traveled road, and it all is different.",
"The two ways are hanging on the trees, I - I took a lesser way, and everything is different.",
"The two ways are hanging on the trees, I - I took a smaller path, and everything is different.",
"Two roads are hanging on the trees, I - I take a little, and everything is different.",
"Two roads are busting on the streets, I'll take a little bit, and everything is different.",
"I see two roads on the streets, I'll get something less, and everything is different.",
"I found two roads on the road, and I got a little, and everything was empty.",
"I found two roads on the road, and I got a little and everything was empty.",
"On the way, I found two roads and I got a little and everything was empty.",
"On the way, I got two roads and I got a bit and everything was empty.",
"On the way I got two roads and I got a little and everything was empty.",
"On the way I got two ways and I got a little and everything was all right.",
"I took two paths on the road and bought a bit and everything was fine.",
"I took two paths on the road and I bought a bit and everything was fine.",
"I took two paths on the road and bought a little and everything was fine.",
"I took two paths on the road and bought a little and everything was fine." ],
[ "Don't let things you can't do interfere with what you can do.",
"Do not let things that you can not interfere with what you can do.",
"Do not let things do not interfere with what you can do.",
"Do not let things disturb you what you can do.",
"Do not give what you do, disturb them.",
"Do not resist what you are doing, resist them.",
"Do not deny what you do, to avoid them.",
"Do not refuse to do this.",
"Do not dismiss it.",
"Do not dismiss it.",
"Don't reject it.",
"Do not reject it.",
"Do not decline.",
"Do not deteriorate.",
"Do not become corrupt.",
"Do not become corrupt." ],
[ "Whenever you find yourself standing on the side of most people, it's time to stop and think.",
"Whenever you stand on the side of most people, it's time for you to stop and think.",
"Whenever you find yourself next to most people, it is time to stop and think.",
"Whenever you find yourself close to most people, it's time to stop thinking.",
"When you feel yourself closer to most people, it's time to stop thinking.",
"When you feel that you are close to many people, then stop thinking about time.",
"When you feel that most people are near, then relax and think about the time.",
"When you feel that most people are close, then relax and think about time.",
"When you feel that most people are close, then relax and think about time.",
"When you feel most people are close, relax and think about time.",
"When you feel that most are close, relax and think about the time.",
"When you think most are near, relax and think about time.",
"Think about rest and relax when you think about it most.",
"Think about resting and relaxing when you're thinking about it most.",
"Think about rest and relaxation when you think about it most.",
"Think about rest and relaxation when you think about it most." ],
[ "I have not failed. I just found 10,000 ways that don't work.",
"I have not failed. I've only found 10,000 ways that do not work.",
"I have not failed I have only found 10,000 ways that do not work.",
"I'm not sure I've just discovered 10,000 ways that do not work.",
"I'm not sure I just searched for 10,000 methods that do not work.",
"I am not sure that I have searched only 10,000,000 methods that do not work.",
"I do not know I'm just trying to get 10,000 checks.",
"I do not know I'm just trying to get 10,000 checks.",
"I do not know I'm trying to get 10,000 checks.",
"I do not know I'm trying to get 10,000 checks.",
"I don't know I'm trying to get 10,000 checks.",
"I do not know if I'm trying to get 10,000 checks.",
"I do not know if I want to get a 10,000 check.",
"I do not know if I want to have a check 10,000.",
"I do not know if I will wait for 10,000.",
"I do not know if I will wait for 10,000." ],
[ "A thousand league journeys start at one foot.",
"A thousand league trips start on one foot.",
"A thousand league trips start at one foot.",
"It is one of the first tourist attractions.",
"This is a first tourist destination.",
"This is the first tourist destination.",
"This is the first trips.",
"This is the first trip.",
"This is the first way.",
"This is the first way.",
"This is the first way.",
"This is the first way.",
"This is the first way.",
"This is the first way.",
"This is the first time.",
"This is the first time." ],
[ "I understand that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.",
"I understand that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you felt.",
"I understand that people will forget what they said, people will forget what you did, but people will never remember how they felt.",
"I understand that people will forget what they say, people will forget what you have done, but people will never remember how they feel.",
"I think that the people they call will forget, the people will forget what you do, but when people never remember, how to feel.",
"I think people who forget them, people will forget what you are doing, but when people never remember, how to feel.",
"I think people will forget that people forget what you are doing, but when people forget about how to think about it.",
"I think people forget that people forget what you do, but when people forget about how to think about it.",
"I think people forget that people forget about what you are doing, but when people forget about how to think about it.",
"In my opinion, people forget people to forget what you are doing, but when people forget how to think about it.",
"In my opinion, people forget people to forget what you do, but when people forget how to think about it.",
"In my opinion, people forget what you do, but when you forget about it.",
"In my opinion people forget what they do, but you forget.",
"In my opinion, people forget what they are doing, but you forget.",
"In my opinion, people forget what they are doing, but you forget.",
"In my opinion, people forget what they are doing, but you forget." ],
[ "Either you run this day or run that day.",
"Either you run that day or run that day.",
"Or it runs that day or runs that day.",
"Whether he is running this day or running that day.",
"He walks on this day or so on.",
"He moves on that day or on the same day.",
"Travel each day or one day.",
"Travel every day or one day.",
"Travel every day or day.",
"Travel every day or day.",
"Travel every day or day.",
"Walk every day or day.",
"Let's go every day or day.",
"Let's go every day or day.",
"We go every day or day.",
"We go every day or day." ],
[ "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.",
"Life turns or expands in proportion to one bravery.",
"Life is returned or extended in proportion to bravery.",
"He is recovering or being raised in pride.",
"It is raised in the referendum or pride.",
"It is raised in the referendum or Iftikhar.",
"Attack it in the news or iftikhar.",
"Put it on news or emails.",
"Put it on messages or emails.",
"Add it to emails or emails.",
"Add it to email or email.",
"Add email or email.",
"Add an email or email.",
"Add an e-mail or email.",
"Add e-mail or email.",
"Add e-mail or email." ],
[ "You must be the change you want to see in the world.",
"You must be the change you want to see in the world.",
"It must be the change you want to see in the world.",
"You have to be the one you want to see around the world.",
"You must be sure that you want to see the world around.",
"You must ensure that you want to see the world around.",
"You need to verify that you want to visit the whole world.",
"You must confirm that you want to see the whole world.",
"You must confirm that you want to see the whole world.",
"You must make sure you want to see the whole world.",
"You have to make sure you want to see the whole world.",
"You need to make sure you want to see the whole world.",
"You want to see the whole world.",
"You want to see the whole world.",
"You want to see the whole world.",
"You want to see the whole world." ],
[ "Be yourself and tell your feelings, because those who are indifferent to the mind and those who are important do not mind.",
"Be yourself and tell your feelings, because those who are unfavorable to the mind and those that are important do not think.",
"Be yourself and answer your feelings, because those who are not at all favorable to the mind and those who are important do not think.",
"Be on your own and answer how you feel, because those who do not have the right to think and those who are important do not think.",
"Keep yourself on your own and how you feel, because these facts do not think those who get the right to think and what are important.",
"Keep yourself yourself and realize how, because this fact does not worry about who is thinking and what's important.",
"Take care of yourself and do not worry, because this is not a matter of concern and importance.",
"Take care of yourself and do not worry because this is not a matter of concern.",
"Take care of yourself and do not worry, because it is not a matter.",
"Take care of yourself and do not worry, because it does not matter.",
"Take care of yourself and don't worry, because it doesn't matter.",
"Take care of yourself and do not worry, because it's not important.",
"Take care of yourself and do not worry because it's not important.",
"Take care of yourself and do not worry because it is not important.",
"Take care of yourself and do not worry because it does not matter.",
"Take care of yourself and do not worry because it does not matter." ],
[ "If you say something, I can't hear what you said.",
"If you say something, I can not hear what you said.",
"If you say something, I can not hear what you said.",
"If you say something, I will not hear what you say.",
"If you say something, I will not tell you what you say.",
"If you say something, I will not tell you what to say.",
"If you speak, I will not tell you your commentator.",
"If you speak, I will not say my interpreter.",
"If you speak, I will not tell my interpreter.",
"If you speak, I will not let my interpreter.",
"If you speak I will not let my interpreter.",
"If you say I will not let my interpreter know.",
"Tell the translator you can not let me know.",
"Tell the translator you can not let me know.",
"Tell the translator that you can not answer.",
"Tell the translator that you can not answer." ],
[ "Believe and behave as if it is impossible to fail.",
"Believe and behave as if it were impossible to fail.",
"It creates and acts as if it were not possible to fail.",
"It causes work as if it were impossible.",
"It was as impossible as working.",
"This was just like work.",
"This is the same as doing.",
"This is what it does.",
"That's what she's doing.",
"That's what he's doing.",
"That's what he does.",
"This is what he did.",
"He did it.",
"He did.",
"He is.",
"He is." ],
[ "The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is a little extra.",
"The difference between ordinary and unusual is a bit extra.",
"The difference between ordinary and unusual is a bit more.",
"The difference between the ordinary and the new is minority.",
"The general and new difference is minority.",
"General and new discrepancies are less.",
"The highest status and the less recent turmoil.",
"Highest situation and recent turmoil.",
"The highest situation and the recent turbulence.",
"The highest state and the recent turbulence.",
"The highest state and the latest turbulence.",
"The highest state and the wind.",
"The highest state and wind.",
"The state and the highest wind.",
"The state and the biggest wind.",
"The state and the biggest wind." ],
[ "The best way to predict the future is to invent it.",
"The best way to predict the future is to devise it.",
"The best way to predict the future is to design it.",
"The best way to see if the forefront is to create it.",
"This is the best way to show the best route.",
"This is the best way to be guided.",
"This is a good way to lead.",
"This is a good way to guide.",
"This is a good way to drive.",
"This is a good way to drive.",
"This is a great way to drive.",
"This is a great way to drive.",
"This is a great way to drive.",
"This is a great way to drive.",
"This is a great way to ride.",
"This is a great way to ride." ],
[ "If I am not suitable for myself, who is right for me? If I am only for myself, what am I? If not now, when?",
"If I am not fit for myself, who is right for me? If it's just for myself, what am I? If not, now, when?",
"If I am not fit for me, who is right for me? If it's just for me, what am I? If not, now, when?",
"If it does not fit me, who is worthy of me? If only for me, what are I? If not, now, then?",
"If it's not me, I'm worth it? Only for me, is me? If not, then?",
"If this is not mine, do I have this value? Only for me, am I? If not, then?",
"I'm sorry, can I get this property? Am I alone? Yes, then?",
"I'm sorry, can I get this property? I am alone? Yes, then?",
"Sorry, can i get this feature? I'm alone Yes, then?",
"Sorry, can I get this feature? I am alone Yes, then?",
"Unfortunately, can I get this feature? I am alone Yes then?",
"Unfortunately, can I get this job? Is I alone?",
"Unfortunately, can I get this job? Am I up?",
"Unfortunately, can I get this job? I'm up?",
"Unfortunately, can I get this job? I'm up there?",
"Unfortunately, can I get this job? I'm up there?" ],
[ "Everything is beautiful, but not everyone can see it.",
"Everything is beautiful, but everyone can not see it.",
"Everything is beautiful, but everyone can not see it.",
"Everything is good, but everyone can not see it.",
"Everything is good but everybody can not see it.",
"Everything is good but nobody can see it.",
"Everything is good but no one has the strength.",
"Everything is fine but no one has the power",
"Everything is fine, but no one has the power",
"Everything is good, but no one has the power",
"Everything is fine, but no one has the power",
"Everything is fine, but no one has power",
"Everything is good, but nobody has the power",
"Everything is good, but no-one has the power",
"Everything is fine, but no one has the power",
"Everything is fine, but no one has the power" ],
[ "I believe you can be half with you.",
"I think you can be half with you.",
"I think you can be in the middle with you.",
"I think you will be in the middle with you.",
"I think you'll be in the middle of the middle.",
"I think you're in the middle of the middle.",
"I think I'm in the middle of the middle.",
"I think I'm in the middle of the middle",
"I think I'm in the middle",
"I think I'm in the middle",
"I think I'm in the middle",
"I think I'm in the middle",
"I think I'm in the middle",
"I think I'm in the middle",
"I think I'm in the middle",
"I think I'm in the middle" ],
[ "Before anyone started to improve the world, no one needs to wait. It’s great.",
"Before anyone starts to improve the world, no one needs to wait. It's amazing.",
"Before anyone starts to improve the world, nobody has to wait. It is great.",
"Before anyone starts to develop the world, no one can wait. It's fine",
"No one can wait before starting to grow from the world. that's right",
"Nobody can grow from the world. that's right",
"Nothing can grow on the earth. It's right",
"Nothing on earth can grow. It is true",
"Nothing on earth can grow. That is right",
"Nothing in the world can grow. That's right",
"Nothing in the world can grow. It is right",
"Nothing in the world can grow. That's why",
"Nothing in the world can grow. Therefore",
"Nothing in the world can grow. That is why",
"Nothing in the world can grow. Because",
"Nothing in the world can grow. Because" ],
[ "Imagination is everything. This is a preview of the upcoming attractions of life.",
"Imagination is everything. This is a preview of the upcoming life attractions.",
"The imagination is everything. This is a preview of the next attractions of life.",
"The prediction is nothing. This is a template of life's attractions.",
"There is nothing presented. He is made of life.",
"There is no offer here. He is made of life.",
"There is no offering. He has done it well.",
"There is no suggestion he has done well.",
"There is no suggestion that would do well.",
"There is no suggestion that would do well.",
"There is no suggestion that would work well.",
"There is no idea that it will work well.",
"I have no idea he will work well.",
"I have no idea that it will work well.",
"I have no idea that it will work well.",
"I have no idea that it will work well." ],
[ "Change your mind and change your world.",
"Change your mind and change your world.",
"Change your mind and change your world.",
"Change your mind and change your life.",
"Change your mind and change your life.",
"Change your mind and change your life.",
"Change your mind and change your life.",
"Change your mind and change your life.",
"Change your mind and change your life.",
"Change your mind and change your life.",
"Change your mind and change your life.",
"Repent and change your life.",
"Repent and change your life.",
"Encourage and change your life.",
"Encourage and change your life.",
"Encourage and change your life." ],
[ "We can't let other people have limited views to define us.",
"We can not let other people have limited views to define us.",
"We can not let other people have limited visions to define ourselves.",
"We can not allow some people with boundaries to express ourselves.",
"We will not allow some people to reach the point of view.",
"We will not allow some people to reach the point of view.",
"We do not have the right to some people who can get the idea.",
"We do not have the right to some of the people who can get this idea.",
"We have no right to some of the people who can get this idea.",
"There is no right for some of the people who can get this idea.",
"There is no right for some of the people who can get this idea.",
"There is no law for anyone who can get this idea.",
"There is no law for everyone who has this idea.",
"There is no law for everyone who has this idea.",
"There is no law for anyone who has that idea.",
"There is no law for anyone who has that idea." ],
[ "Happiness is not a ready thing. It comes from your own actions.",
"Happiness is not ready. It comes from your own actions.",
"Happiness is not ready. It comes from your own actions.",
"Happiness is not ready. It comes from your actions.",
"Not ready to be happy It comes from your browser.",
"Not happy I'm coming from your browser.",
"No pleasure I'm coming from your web browser.",
"Enjoy your web browser",
"Enjoy your web browser",
"Enjoy your web browser",
"Enjoy your browser",
"Enjoy your browser",
"Enjoy your browser",
"Enjoy your browser",
"Enjoy your browser",
"Enjoy your browser" ],
[ "Remember, happiness is a way to travel, not a destination.",
"Remember, happiness is a way of traveling, not a destination.",
"Remember that happiness is a way of traveling, not a destination.",
"Remember that happiness is the way to walk, not a shepherd.",
"Remember that the way to go through the way, not a cowboy.",
"Remember to go through the road, not the cubits.",
"Remember to walk along the road, not in the distance.",
"Remember to move along the road not at a distance.",
"Do not forget to move on the road not from afar.",
"Do not forget to move on the road not long.",
"Don't forget to go on the road not long.",
"Do not forget to go for a long time.",
"Do not forget to go for a long time.",
"Do not forget to go for a long time.",
"Do not forget a long time.",
"Do not forget a long time." ],
[ "Too many people have not fulfilled our dreams because we live in fear.",
"Too many people have not achieved our dreams because we live in fear.",
"Too many people have not achieved our dreams because we are scared.",
"Many people did not get our dreams because we were afraid.",
"Many people did not get our dreams because we were afraid of us.",
"Many people did not find our dreams because we were afraid of us.",
"Our dreams did not come as much as we could imagine.",
"Our dreams are as much as we did not imagine.",
"Our dreams are the same as we could not imagine.",
"Our dreams are the same we can not imagine.",
"Our dreams are the same as we cannot imagine.",
"Our dream is the same as we can not imagine.",
"Our dream is the same as we can not imagine.",
"Our dream is the same as we can not imagine.",
"Our dream is the same as we can not imagine.",
"Our dream is the same as we can not imagine." ],
[ "If you want to improve yourself, please raise others.",
"If you want to improve yourself, pick up others.",
"If you want to improve, select others.",
"If you want to improve, select some.",
"If you want to improve, choose something.",
"If you want to grow, choose something.",
"If you want to grow, select something.",
"Choose something if you want to grow.",
"Choose something if you want to grow.",
"Choose something if you want to grow.",
"Choose something to grow.",
"Choose something to grow.",
"Select something to grow up.",
"Choose something to grow up.",
"Choose something to grow up.",
"Choose something to grow up." ],
[ "You missed 100% of the shots that were not taken.",
"You have lost 100% of the photos that were not taken.",
"You have lost 100% of the photos that have not been taken.",
"You lose 100% of the photos that you did not receive.",
"You have received 100% of the photos.",
"You have got a 100% image.",
"You get a 100% photo.",
"You get a 100% photo.",
"You get 100% photo.",
"You will get 100% photos.",
"You get 100% photos.",
"You get 100% pictures.",
"You get 100% pictures.",
"You get 100% of pictures.",
"You get a 100% image.",
"You get a 100% image." ],
[ "It’s never too late to do what you have done.",
"It's never too late to do what you've done.",
"It's never too late to do what you've done.",
"It's not too late to do what you did.",
"It's not late for you to work.",
"You are not late to work.",
"Do not do too long.",
"Do not be too long",
"Do not be too long",
"Do not be too long",
"Don't be too long",
"Do not be too long",
"Do not be too long",
"Do not be too long",
"Do not be too long",
"Do not be too long" ],
[ "A person who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.",
"A person who has never made a mistake has tried anything new.",
"A person who has never made a mistake has tried something new.",
"The person who never made the mistake to try something new.",
"Trying something new to do something that did not make mistakes.",
"Try something new for something that did not have any fault.",
"Try something new for anything wrong.",
"Try a new mistake for anything",
"Try a new bug for anything",
"Try a new bug for anything",
"Try a new error for something",
"Try a new error message",
"Make a new bug report",
"Make a new bug report",
"Create a new error report",
"Create a new error report" ],
[ "Those who say they can't do should not interrupt the person who is doing this.",
"Those who say that they can not do so should not interfere with the person doing this.",
"Those who say they can not do it should not interfere with the person who does it.",
"Those who say they can not do so should not interfere with the person who did this.",
"People who say they can not do what they interfere with this person.",
"People who say they can not do what they interact with this man.",
"People who can not afford to do their work with this person can do it.",
"People who can not do this work with this person can do this.",
"People who do not work with this person can do this.",
"People who do not work with this person can do this.",
"People who do not work with this person can do this.",
"People who do not work with this person can do this.",
"People who are not working with this person can do it.",
"People who do not work with this person can do it.",
"This can make people who do not work with that person.",
"This can make people who do not work with that person." ],
[ "Great minds discuss ideas; average thoughts discuss events; small ideas discuss people.",
"Great thoughts discuss ideas; average thoughts discussing incidents; Small ideas talk about people.",
"Many thoughts discuss ideas; middle thoughts discussing incidents; The little ideas speak of people.",
"Many people think about their ideas; middle thinking about the events; Few ideas are talking about people.",
"Many people think of their own ideas; thinking about events; some thoughts speak about.",
"Many people think of their ideas; think about the incidents; some thoughts speak about.",
"Most people think of their ideas, thoughts about what has happened;",
"Most people think of their ideas about what's going on;",
"Most people think of their ideas about what's going on;",
"Most people depend on their ideas about what's going on;",
"Most people depend on their ideas of what is happening",
"Most people depend on their ideas on the problem",
"Many people depend on the problem",
"Many people rely on the problem",
"Many rely on the problem",
"Many rely on the problem" ],
[ "People only live once, but it is enough if they live their lives once.",
"Only once people live, but it's enough if they live their lives once.",
"Only once people live, but enough if they live once.",
"Only once people live, but enough if they live once.",
"Only once people live, but quite if they live together.",
"Only once people live, but if they live together.",
"Only one person lives, but if they live together.",
"Only one person lives, but if they live together.",
"Only one person lives, but if they live together.",
"Only one person lives, but they live together.",
"Only one person lives, but they live together.",
"Only a resident, but they live together.",
"Only one inhabitant, but they live together.",
"Only one resident, but they live with each other.",
"Only one resident, but they live with each other.",
"Only one resident, but they live with each other." ],
[ "Do what you can, have what you have, where are you.",
"Do what you can, have what you have, where you are.",
"Do what you can, have what you have, where you are.",
"Do what you can, get what you have, where you are.",
"What can you do, so you have to go where you are.",
"What you can do, you can go to the place you are.",
"What you can do, you can walk to where you are going.",
"What you can do can go to where you are going.",
"What you can do can go where you are going.",
"You can do what you can do where you are going.",
"You can do what you can do where you are going.",
"You can follow what you can do where you can go.",
"You can track what you can do wherever you go.",
"You can track what you can do wherever you go.",
"You can keep track of what you can do wherever you go.",
"You can keep track of what you can do wherever you go." ],
[ "If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.",
"If you are in fact, you do not have to remember anything.",
"Yes, in fact, you do not have to remember anything.",
"Yes, in fact, you do not have to remember anything.",
"Yes, in fact, you do not have to remember anything.",
"Yes, in fact, you should not remember anything.",
"No, of course, do not remember anything.",
"No, of course, they do not remember anything.",
"No, of course, they do not remember anything.",
"No, of course, they do not remember anything.",
"No, they do not remember anything.",
"No, they do not remember anything.",
"No, they do not remember anything.",
"No, they do not remember anything.",
"No, they do not remember anything.",
"No, they do not remember anything." ],
[ "The only thing worse than blindness is vision but no vision.",
"The only thing that is worse than blindness is vision but no vision.",
"The only thing that is worse than blindness is the vision, but not the vision.",
"What's worse is a vision, but not a vision.",
"What is the worst, but there is a dream.",
"What's up, but it's good.",
"Why, but it's fine.",
"Why, but it's good.",
"Why, but it's good.",
"Why, but it's good.",
"Why, but that's good.",
"Reason, but that's fine.",
"Reason, but good.",
"Reason, but good.",
"Reason, but good.",
"Reason, but good." ],
[ "Life is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, and that's it.",
"Life is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, and that's us.",
"Life is the rarest in the world. Most people exist, and we are.",
"Life is the best in the world. Most people were, and we were.",
"Is the best in the world Most people were, and we are.",
"Is it best in the world that there were many people, and we are one.",
"There are many people in the world, and we are one.",
"There are many people in the world and we are one.",
"There are many people in the world and we are one.",
"There are many people around the world and we are one.",
"There are many people around the world and we are one.",
"There are many people around the world and we are one.",
"There are many people in the world and we are one.",
"There are many people in the world and we are one.",
"There are many people in the world and we are one.",
"There are many people in the world and we are one." ],
[ "Darkness cannot drive away the darkness; only light can do this. Hatred cannot drive away hatred; only love can do this.",
"Darkness can not bring the darkness away; it can only do so lightly. Hate can not stimulate hate: only love can do this.",
"Darkness can not move away from darkness; You can only do it lightly. Hate can not stimulate hatred: only love can do it.",
"Light can not move from darkness; You can do it easily. Love can not move hatred: only love can do it.",
"Light can not be moved by darkness. You can make it easy. Love can not hate: just love",
"The light can not be moved by the preparation. You can make it easy. Can not Maintain: Only Man",
"Light can not be resolved by preparation. It's easy and easy. You can not continue: Only man",
"Light can not be dissolved by preparation. It's easy and easy. You can not continue: the only man",
"The light can not be dissolved by preparation. It's easy and easy. You can not go on: the only man",
"The light can not be dissolved through preparation. It's easy and easy. You can not go ahead: the only man",
"Light cannot be solved by preparation. It's simple and easy. You can't move on: the only man",
"Light can not be solved by planning. It's simple and easy. You can not go to: man alone",
"Light can not be solved by planning. Simple and easy. You can not go: only man",
"Light can not be solved through planning. Simple and easy. You can not go: just man",
"Light can not be solved by planning. Simple and easy. You can not go: just a man",
"Light can not be solved by planning. Simple and easy. You can not go: just a man" ],
[ "The only thing we have to worry about is the fear itself.",
"The only thing we have to worry about is the fear itself.",
"The only thing that we have to worry about is the same thing.",
"What we worry about is one thing.",
"One thing about what we are upset is.",
"What is something we are proud of.",
"What are our pride?",
"What is our pride?",
"What is our pride?",
"What is our pride?",
"What is our pride?",
"What is our interest?",
"What is our interest?",
"What are our interests?",
"What are our interests?",
"What are our interests?" ],
[ "If you look at everything in your life, you will have more. If you look at what you don't have in your life, you will never be enough.",
"If you look at everything in your life, you will have more. If you look at what you do not have in your life, you will never be enough.",
"If you observe everything that is in your life, you will have more. If you observe what you do not have in your life, it is never enough.",
"When you consider everything in your life, you will find more. If you see what you do not have in your life, it is not enough.",
"When you consider everything in your life, you will meet more. If you see what your life is not, it's not enough.",
"When you look at everything in your life, you'll see more. If you see what your life is not, it's not enough.",
"To look at everything in your life, feel comfortable. Do not worry about the fruit of your life, it is not enough.",
"Look for everything in your life, feel comfortable. Do not worry about the fruit of your life, not enough.",
"Look at everything in your life, feel comfortable. Do not worry about the fruits of your life is not enough.",
"Look at everything in your life, you feel comfortable. Do not worry about the results of your life that is not enough.",
"Look at everything in your life, you feel comfortable. Don't worry about the results of your life that are not enough.",
"Looking at everything in your life, you feel comfortable. Do not worry about the content of your life that is not enough.",
"Looking at everything in your life, you feel comfortable. Do not give enough information about the content of your life.",
"Looking at everything in your life, you feel comfortable. Do not give enough information about the content of your life.",
"Looking at everything in your life, you feel comfortable. Do not give enough information about the content of your life.",
"Looking at everything in your life, you feel comfortable. Do not give enough information about the content of your life." ],
[ "Remember that no one will make you feel inferior without your consent.",
"Remember that no-one will make you feel inferior without your permission.",
"Remember that no one will make you feel inferior without your permission.",
"Remember that no one will get you to get married without permission.",
"Remember that no one will be able to get married without permission.",
"Remember that no one will marry without permission.",
"Remember, you do not marry anybody else.",
"Keep in mind that you do not marry others.",
"Keep in mind that you do not think with others.",
"Keep in mind that you do not think of others.",
"Keep in mind that you do not think of others.",
"Make sure you do not think about others.",
"Make sure you think about others.",
"Make sure you think about others.",
"Make sure you think about others.",
"Make sure you think about others." ],
[ "Every minute you get angry, you lose 60 seconds of happiness.",
"Every minute you're angry, you lose 60 seconds of happiness.",
"Every minute that you are angry, you lose 60 seconds of happiness.",
"Every minute you're angry, you lose 60 seconds of happiness.",
"Everything you are angry, you can lose 60 seconds of happiness.",
"Whatever you are angry, you can lose 60 hours of pleasure.",
"All that you are angry with, you can spend 60 hours of fun.",
"Everything that you are angry can spend 60 hours of fun.",
"Everything you're upset can spend 60 hours of fun.",
"Everything you're upset can spend 60 hours of fun.",
"All you are upset can spend 60 hours of fun.",
"Everything you are upset can use 60 hours of fun.",
"Everything you're concerned about can be enjoyable for 60 hours.",
"Everything you are worried about can be a pleasure for 60 hours.",
"Everything you care about can be a pleasure for 60 hours.",
"Everything you care about can be a pleasure for 60 hours." ],
[ "Being deeply loved by someone will give you strength, and loving someone deeply will give you courage.",
"Being grateful to you will give you strength, and the love of someone deep will give you courage.",
"Being grateful to you will give you strength, and the love of someone deep will give you courage.",
"Thanks to you will strengthen you, and deep love will give you courage.",
"Thank you for your cooperation, and will give you deep love.",
"Thank you for your cooperation, and you will give deeper interest.",
"Thank you for your association, and give it a return.",
"Thank you for your communication, and give you a return.",
"Thank you for your communication and we will give you a return.",
"Thanks for your communication and we will give you a return.",
"Thank you for your communication and we will give you a return.",
"Thank you for your feedback and we will give you back.",
"Thank you for your feedback and we will give you back.",
"Thank you for your feedback and we will give you back.",
"Thanks for your feedback and we will return them to you.",
"Thanks for your feedback and we will return them to you." ],
[ "There are two ways to spread light: a candle or a mirror that reflects it.",
"There are two ways to spread light: a candle or mirror that reflects it.",
"There are two ways of spreading light: a candle or mirror that reflects it.",
"There are two ways to spread light: a candle or mirror that shows it.",
"There are two ways to illustrate: a statue or mirror that shows it.",
"There are two ways to describe: a statue or image that she shows.",
"There are two ways to explain: a picture or a picture that he has described.",
"There are two ways to explain: an image or a picture he described.",
"There are two ways to explain: a picture or an image that he described.",
"There are two ways to explain: a picture or an image that he described.",
"There are two ways to explain: an image or a picture he described.",
"There are two ways in the description: image or image that he described.",
"There are two ways in the image: the picture or the image it describes.",
"There are two ways in the image: the picture or the image that it describes.",
"There are two ways in the picture: an image or an image you describe.",
"There are two ways in the picture: an image or an image you describe." ],
[ "Be yourself; everyone else has been taken away.",
"Be yourself; everyone else has been pulled away.",
"Be yourself; everyone has been removed.",
"Be yourself; everyone is removed.",
"Everything has been removed.",
"Everything is gone",
"Everything is gone",
"Everything is gone",
"Everything is gone",
"Everything has gone",
"Everything has gone",
"Everything was gone",
"Everything went",
"Everything went",
"It's all gone",
"It's all gone" ],
[ "The road to success and the road to failure are almost identical.",
"The way to success and the way to fail is almost identical.",
"The path to success and the way of failure is almost identical.",
"The way to victory and the winning process is almost practically.",
"Conquest and action are almost practically done.",
"Victory and action are usually performed.",
"There is victory and work.",
"There is victory and work.",
"There is victory and work.",
"There is victory and work there.",
"There are victories and jobs there.",
"There are winners and winners.",
"There are winners and winners.",
"Winners and winners.",
"Winners and winners.",
"Winners and winners." ],
[ "Motivation is the inner flame. If someone tries to ignite the fire below you, it is likely to burn very briefly.",
"The internal flame is motivation. If someone is trying to fire the fire below, it is likely to burn very short.",
"Internal flame is motivation. If someone tries to fire the fire down, it is likely to burn very short.",
"The inner part is the reason. If someone tries to turn off the fire, it can burn too much.",
"The internal part is due. If someone tries to loot it, it can be done more.",
"Is an internal part. If someone wants to rob, then it will still be done.",
"There is a place inside. If anyone wants to steal, it must be done.",
"There is inside a place. If anyone wants to steal, it must be done.",
"There it is inside the place. If someone wants to steal, it must be done.",
"It's inside the place. If someone wants to steal, it must be done.",
"It's in the place. If someone wants to steal, it must happen.",
"It is in place. If someone wants to steal, it should happen.",
"Everywhere. This should happen if someone wants to steal.",
"Everywhere. This should happen if someone wants to steal.",
"Every were. This should happen if someone wants to steal.",
"Every were. This should happen if someone wants to steal." ],
[ "In three words I summed up everything I learned about life: it continues.",
"In three words, I summoned everything I learned about life: it continues.",
"In three words, I have summoned all that I have learned about life: it continues.",
"In three words, I called everything I learned about life: it's going on.",
"In three words, I call everything that I can learn about life: it is.",
"In three words, I call to everything that I can learn about life: this is.",
"Three words, I called all I could learn about life: that is.",
"Three letters, I learn all that I can learn about life: this is.",
"Three letters, everything I know about life: that's it.",
"Through a letter, I know everything about life: that's it.",
"Through a letter I know everything about life: that is it.",
"From the letter I know everything about life: that's it.",
"From the letter I know everything about life: this.",
"From the letter, I know everything about life: this.",
"From the letter I know all about life: this.",
"From the letter I know all about life: this." ],
[ "Self-respect, self-awareness, self-control - these three alone lead to power.",
"Self esteem, self-awareness, self-control - these three only lead to force.",
"Self-esteem, self-knowledge, self-control: these three only lead to strength.",
"Self-esteem, self-consciousness, and direct attention: these three are the only ones that create strength.",
"Self-confidence, self-consciousness, and straightforward consideration: These are the three units that are strengthening.",
"Self-confidence, self consciousness, and direct attention: These are three units that strengthen.",
"Self-esteem, self-esteem, and self-esteem: These three-dimensional activities are enhanced.",
"Self-esteem, self-esteem and self-esteem: This three-dimensional activity has increased.",
"Self-esteem, self-esteem and self-esteem: This three-dimensional activity has increased.",
"Self-esteem, self-esteem and self-esteem: This three-dimensional activity has increased.",
"Self-esteem, self-esteem and self-esteem: This three-dimensional activity has increased.",
"Self-confidence, self-esteem and self-esteem: The tremendous increase in the number.",
"Self-esteem, self-esteem and self-esteem: a large increase.",
"Self-esteem, self-esteem and self-esteem: great progress.",
"Self-esteem, self-esteem and self-esteem: great progress.",
"Self-esteem, self-esteem and self-esteem: great progress." ],
[ "While no one can return and start a new beginning, anyone can start now and create a new ending.",
"Although no-one can return and start a new start, anyone can start now and create a new end.",
"Although no one can come back and start a new start, anyone can start now and create a new final.",
"Although no one will come back and start new startup, everyone can start now and create a new one.",
"Even if nobody comes back and starting a new start, everyone can start and get started now.",
"Even if someone does not come back and start a new start, everyone can start and start now.",
"If someone is not a person and starts a new start, everything can start and start now.",
"If one does not have a person and starts a new start, everything can start and start.",
"If a person has no person and starts a new start, he can start and start everything.",
"If a person does not have anyone and starts a new start, everything can start and start.",
"If a person does not have one and starts a new start, everything can start and start.",
"If someone does not have one and starts the start, all starts and starts.",
"If anyone does not start, all starts and starts.",
"If no one starts, they all start and start.",
"If no one starts, everyone starts and begins.",
"If no one starts, everyone starts and begins." ],
[ "Anyone who stops learning is old, whether it is twenty or eighty. Anyone who has been learning will keep the greatest thing in his life is to keep your mind young.",
"Anyone who stops learning is old, whether it is twenty or eight. Anyone who has been learning will keep the most in his life is to keep your mind young.",
"Anyone who stops learning is old, either twenty or eight. Anyone who is learning to stay the best in their lives is to keep their young minds.",
"Anyone who stops education is aging, twenty or eight. Anyone who learns to be the best in their lives is to keep their children safe.",
"Anyone who closes education ages, wings or camels. Anyone who strives to be the best in their lives to protect their children.",
"Everyone who closes education age, wages or weeks. Everyone who works best to protect their children in their lives.",
"Anything that closes school education, pay, or weekly. All who do good will take care of their children in their lives.",
"Anything that stops school, pay, or weekly education. All those who do well will take care of their children in their lives.",
"Whatever stops at school will pay or weekly education. Everyone who cares well cares about their children in their lives.",
"Any stops will be paid at school or weekly education. Everyone who cares for their children takes care of their lives.",
"Any stops will be paid in school or weekly training. Everyone who cares for their children takes care of their lives.",
"Parking will be paid at school or weekly. All people who care for their children care for their lives.",
"The park will be paid at school or weekly. All the people who care for their children care for their lives.",
"The park is paid at school or weekly. All people who care for their children take care of their lives.",
"The park is paid at school or weekly. All people who care about their children are concerned about their lives.",
"The park is paid at school or weekly. All people who care about their children are concerned about their lives." ],
[ "Who is angry, who conquered you.",
"Who is angry, who bends you.",
"Who is angry, whoever bends you?",
"Who is angry, who lets you?",
"Who is angry, who allows you?",
"Who is embarrassing, who can give you permission?",
"Who is the shame, who is able to make it clear?",
"Who is embarrassing, who can clarify it?",
"Who is embarrassed, who can explain it?",
"Who is very embarrassed, can they explain it?",
"Who is very embarrassed, can they explain it?",
"Who is embarrassed, can they explain it?",
"Who is ashamed, can he explain it?",
"Who is ashamed, can he explain it?",
"Who are you, can you explain it?",
"Who are you, can you explain it?" ],
[ "Beauty, no expression, tires.",
"Beauty, no expression, tires.",
"Beauty, without expressions, tires.",
"Beauty without words, taya.",
"Words of beauty, yes.",
"Beautiful words, yes.",
"Beautiful words, yes.",
"Beautiful words, yes",
"Beautiful words, yes",
"Beautiful words, yes",
"Beautiful words, yes",
"Beautiful words, yes",
"Beautiful words, yes",
"Beautiful words, yes",
"Nice words, yes",
"Nice words, yes" ],
[ "The secret of business is to know things that others don't know.",
"Business secretary is to know things that others do not know.",
"The business secretary is knowing things that others do not know.",
"The business secretary is aware of what others do not know.",
"From the corporate secretary, it is not what others do.",
"From the corporation secretary, it is nothing that others do.",
"From the Sharia Law, no one else has done anything else.",
"From the law of sharia, no one has done anything.",
"By law, Shariya did not do anything.",
"By law, Shariya did not do anything.",
"By law, Shariya did nothing.",
"According to the law, Shariya can not do anything.",
"According to the law, Sharia can not do anything.",
"By law, Sharia can not do anything.",
"According to law, the Shariah can not do anything.",
"According to law, the Shariah can not do anything." ],
[ "The greatest discovery in history is that one can change his or her future by changing his attitude.",
"The greatest discovery in history is that one can change its future or its future by changing its attitude.",
"The greatest discovery in history is that one can change their future or their future by changing their attitude.",
"The greatest historical discovery is that man can change their destiny or destiny by changing their attitude.",
"The greatest discovery is that man can change his behavior and change his position or destiny.",
"The greatest findings is that humans can change their behavior and change their position or conditions.",
"It is a great idea that people can change their transportation and change their status or status.",
"It's a great idea that people can change their transportation and change their status or status.",
"It's a great idea that people can change their shipment and change their status or status.",
"It is a great idea that people can change their shipment and change their status or status.",
"It's a good idea that people can change their delivery and change their status or status.",
"It is a great idea that people can change their child and change their policies or their job.",
"People are in a position to change their children and change their policies or jobs.",
"People are in a position to change their children and change their policies or jobs.",
"People are able to change their children and change their policy or business.",
"People are able to change their children and change their policy or business." ],
[ "The most important thing is: You are true.",
"The most important thing is: You are true.",
"The most important thing is: you're true.",
"The most important thing is: that's true.",
"The most important thing is: That's true.",
"The most important thing is that it is correct.",
"Most importantly, that's the right thing.",
"Most importantly, this is true.",
"Most importantly, it is true.",
"Most importantly, it's true.",
"Most importantly, it is true.",
"Above all, it's true.",
"Above all, this is true.",
"Above all, this is the case.",
"First of all, that is the case.",
"First of all, that is the case." ],
[ "We cannot always build the future of our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.",
"We can not always build the future of our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.",
"We can not always build the future of our youth, but we can build our youth for the future.",
"We can never provide our youth's future, but we can build our youth for the future.",
"We never make the future of our youth, but we can make our youth for the future.",
"We never do our youth future, but we can make our youth for the future.",
"We are not going to work on our youth in the future, but we can work on our youth for the future.",
"We will not work for our youth in the future, but we can work for our youth in the future.",
"In the future, we will not work for our youth, but in the future we will be able to work for the youth.",
"In the future, we will not work for our young, but in the future we will be able to work for youth.",
"In the future, we will not work for our young people, but in the future we will be able to work for young people.",
"In the future, we will not work for our youth, but in the future we will work for young people.",
"In the future we will not work for our young people, but in the future we will work for the youth.",
"In the future we will not work for our young people, but in the future we will work for the youth.",
"In the future, we will not work for our young people, but in the future we will work for the young.",
"In the future, we will not work for our young people, but in the future we will work for the young." ],
[ "Growing up requires courage to be your true self.",
"Growing requires courage to be your own.",
"Growth requires value to be yours.",
"Larger size needs your living value.",
"The larger size is the cost of your stay.",
"The large amount is your accommodation cost.",
"Your home housing is huge.",
"Your home is great.",
"Your home is great.",
"Your home is great.",
"Your home is good.",
"Your home is good.",
"Your home is good.",
"Your home is good.",
"Your home is good.",
"Your home is good." ],
[ "Except for death and taxes, nothing in this world can be said to be affirmative.",
"With the exception of death and taxes, nothing in this world can be said positively.",
"With the exception of death and taxes, nothing in this world can be said positively.",
"In addition to death and tax, there is nothing in this world that can be said true.",
"In addition to death and tax, it is nothing in the world that can be said true.",
"In addition to mortality and financial, it has nothing in the world that can be true.",
"Apart from death and money, there is nothing in the world that can be guaranteed.",
"Regardless of death and money, there is nothing in the world that can be guaranteed.",
"No matter what death and money, there is nothing in the world that would be guaranteed.",
"No matter what death and money, there is nothing in the world that is guaranteed.",
"No matter what the death and the money, there is nothing in the world that is guaranteed.",
"No matter what the financial and economic resources have, nothing in the world has guaranteed.",
"Whatever the financial and economic resources, nothing has been achieved in the world.",
"Whatever the financial and economic resources, nothing in the world has been achieved.",
"Regardless of financial and economic resources, nothing in the world has been achieved.",
"Regardless of financial and economic resources, nothing in the world has been achieved." ],
[ "This is a sign of an educated mind that accepts thought without accepting it.",
"This is an indication of taught thinking that receives an unacceptable mind.",
"This is an indication of the learned thought that receives an unacceptable mind.",
"This is a sign of understanding the thought of receiving unacceptable ideas.",
"This is a sign of understanding, the point of getting unreliable ideas.",
"This is a sign of understanding, the point of obtaining reliable ideas.",
"This is a symbol of experience, the purpose of achieving appropriate ideas.",
"It is a symbol of experience, the goal of achieving the right ideas.",
"It is a symbol of experience, the goal of achieving the right ideas.",
"The experience is a symbol, the purpose of achieving the right ideas.",
"Experience is a symbol, the purpose of achieving the right ideas.",
"Knowledge is a symbol, purpose of accomplishing good ideas.",
"Knowledge is a symbol, a goal to get a good idea.",
"Information is a symbol, a goal to get a good idea.",
"Information is a symbol, a goal of getting a good idea.",
"Information is a symbol, a goal of getting a good idea." ],
[ "A happy family is just an early paradise.",
"A happy family is just an early paradise.",
"A happy family is just an early paradise.",
"The happy family home is the beginning of paradise.",
"Home Family Housing Beginning",
"Start home home",
"Start the home",
"Start the house",
"Run the house",
"Run the house",
"Run the house",
"Run the house",
"Start the house",
"Start the house",
"Start the house",
"Start the house" ],
[ "Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Walk by my side and become my friend.",
"Do not walk in front of me, I can not follow. Do not walk behind me, I may not lead. Walk by my side and become my friend.",
"Do not walk in front of me, I can not follow it. Do not walk behind me, I can not drive. Walk beside me and become my friend.",
"Do not walk before me, I can not follow it. Do not walk after me, I can not get out of it. Walk around me and be my friend.",
"I will not follow it before me. Do not follow me later, I can not get it. Walk around me and be my friends",
"I will not follow me before this. Do not follow me later, I can not find it. Come around me and my friend was there",
"I will not follow you later than this. Come not after me, I can not find it. Come around me while my friend is there",
"I will not follow you later. Come after me, I can not find it. Come on around me, while my friend is there",
"I will not follow you later. Come after me, I will not find it. Come after me while there's my friend",
"I will not follow you later. After me, I will not find it. After me while my friend is there",
"I will not follow you later. After me I will not find it. After me while my friend is there",
"I will not follow you later. Later I will not find it. After me when my friend was there",
"Then I will follow. Then I can not find it. After my friend was there",
"Then I will follow. Then I can not find it. After my friend there",
"Then I'll follow. Then I can not find her. After my friend there",
"Then I'll follow. Then I can not find her. After my friend there" ],
[ "Courage is not always roaring. Sometimes courage is a small voice at the end of the day, saying, "I will try again tomorrow.",
"Courage is not always wearing. Sometimes bravery is a small voice at the end of the day, saying, "I'll try again tomorrow.",
"Courage does not always carry. Sometimes, bravery is a small voice at the end of the day, saying: "I'll try again tomorrow."",
"It is not always courageous. Sometimes bravery is a small voice at the end of the day, saying: "I'll try again tomorrow."",
"It's not always fun. Even at the end of the day, the bishop is a small voice, saying: "Tomorrow will try me."",
"This is not always the exercise. Even in the end of the day, this group is a small voice, and says, "Tomorrow I will try."",
"This does not always work. At the end of the day, this group is a small, vocal phrase, "Tomorrow I will try."",
"It does not always work. At the end of the day, this group is a small sentence: "I'll try tomorrow."",
"It does not always work. At the end of the day, this group is a small phrase: "I'm trying tomorrow."",
"It does not always work. At the end of the day, this group is a small phrase: "I'm trying tomorrow."",
"It doesn't always work. At the end of the day, this group is a small phrase: "I'm trying tomorrow."",
"It does not work. At the last day, this group is a small piece of paper: "I am trying tomorrow."",
"It does not work. The last day this group is a small piece of paper: "I'm working in the morning."",
"It does not work. The last day this group is a small piece of paper: "I work in the morning."",
"Does not work. The last day of this group is a small piece of paper: "I'm working in the morning."",
"Does not work. The last day of this group is a small piece of paper: "I'm working in the morning."" ],
[ "Education is like a double-edged sword. If not handled properly, it may turn to dangerous use.",
"Education is like a double sword. If it is not properly treated, it can turn to dangerous use.",
"Education is like a double sword. If it is not treated properly, it can become a dangerous use.",
"Education is just two examples. If it is not properly treated, it can be dangerous and dangerous.",
"Education is just two examples. If this is not a correct treatment, it can be dangerous and dangerous.",
"Education is just two examples. If it is not correct, it is dangerous and dangerous.",
"Education has two distinct perspectives. If so, it's a threat and a threat.",
"Teaching has two distinct views. If so, it's a threat and a threat.",
"The lesson has two different views. If it is, it is a threat and a threat.",
"The lesson has two different opinions. If any, it's a threat and a threat.",
"The lesson has two different views. If anything, it is a threat and a threat.",
"The lesson has two different ideas. If so, it is a threat and a threat.",
"The lesson has two different ideas. If so, this is a threat and danger.",
"The lesson has two different ideas. If so, this is a threat and a danger.",
"The lesson has two different ideas. If so, it's a threat and danger.",
"The lesson has two different ideas. If so, it's a threat and danger." ],
[ "Walking with friends in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.",
"Walking with friends in the dark is better than just walking in the light.",
"Walking with friends in the dark is better than walking to light.",
"Walking with friends in the dark has better than walking to the light.",
"Driving with friends is better than the light.",
"Running with friends is better than light.",
"It is to have a better relationship with friends than before.",
"This is to have a better relationship with friends than before.",
"It has a better relationship with friends than before.",
"He has a better relationship with friends than before.",
"He has a better relationship with friends than before.",
"He has a strong relationship with friends first.",
"First of all, it has close relationships with friends.",
"First of all, he has a close relationship with friends.",
"First of all, he has close relationships with friends.",
"First of all, he has close relationships with friends." ],
[ "Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product.",
"Happiness is not a goal; it is by-product.",
"Happiness is not an objective; is by-product.",
"Happiness is not real; is the product.",
"The happiness is not real. That is the product",
"Happiness is not true This is the product",
"This is a product of happiness",
"This is a joy product",
"This is a joyful product",
"This is a pleasure product",
"This is an entertainment product",
"This is the entertainment product",
"This is a fun product",
"This is a fun product",
"This is a fun product",
"This is a fun product" ],
[ "If you can't do great things, do something good.",
"If you can not do great things, do something good.",
"If you can not do great things, do something good.",
"If you can not do great things, do something good.",
"If you can not do a big thing, do some work.",
"If you do not do the job, do something.",
"Instead of doing the job, do something.",
"Do something instead of doing it.",
"Do something instead.",
"Do something instead.",
"Do something instead.",
"Do something.",
"Get something.",
"Get something.",
"Get something.",
"Get something." ],
[ "Forgive your enemies forever; nothing bothers them",
"Leave your enemies forever; nothing worries them",
"Leave your enemies forever; nothing worries them",
"Leave your enemies forever. There is nothing wrong with them",
"Leave your enemies forever. Nothing wrong with that",
"Leave your enemies forever. Nothing to do with it",
"Leave your friends for a while Nobody does anything with it",
"Leave your friends for a long time. No one does anything with it",
"Leave your friends for a long time. No one has anything to do with it",
"Leave your friends for a long time. There is nothing to do with anyone",
"Leave your friends long. There is nothing to do with anyone",
"Keep your friends long. Nothing to do with anyone",
"Hold your friends long. It does not matter to anyone",
"Hold your friends long. It is not important to anyone",
"Keep your friends long. That does not matter to anybody",
"Keep your friends long. That does not matter to anybody" ],
[ "The only real wisdom is knowing that you don't know anything.",
"The only real wisdom is knowing that you do not know anything.",
"The only real wisdom is to know that you know nothing.",
"One truth is knowing that you know nothing.",
"Really knows that you do not know anything.",
"In fact you know that you do not know anything.",
"Really, be sensitive to something.",
"Really, be sensitive to something.",
"Really be sensitive to something.",
"It's very sensitive to something.",
"It is very sensitive to anything.",
"It is very sensitive to everything.",
"Everything is very sensitive.",
"Everything is very sensitive.",
"Everything is very sensitive.",
"Everything is very sensitive." ],
[ "If you have a good day and bring a good night's sleep, then the good life of your life will bring you a happy death.",
"If you have a good day and bring a good night sleep, then the good life of your life will bring you a happy death.",
"If you have a good day and you sleep well, the good life of your life will bring you a happy death.",
"If you have a good day and sleep well, a good life in your life will bring you death of happiness.",
"If you have a good day and well sleep, good life in your life will bring you happiness of happiness.",
"If you have a good day and have a good dream, good life in your life will make you happy happily.",
"If your day is good and you have a good dream, the good thing in your life will make you feel better.",
"If your day is good and you have a good dream, a good thing in your life will make you feel good.",
"If your day is good and you have a good dream, a good thing in your life will make you feel good.",
"If your day is good and you have a dream, the good thing in your life will make you feel good.",
"If your day is good and you have a dream, it will be good in your life to make you feel good.",
"If you are good and you have a dream, it will be nice in your life to make you happy.",
"If you are good and have a dream, it will be nice to make you happy in your life.",
"If you're good and have a dream, it'll be nice to make you happy in your life.",
"If you are good and have a dream, it would be nice to be happy in your life.",
"If you are good and have a dream, it would be nice to be happy in your life." ],
[ "Courage is a necessary condition for standing up and talking. Courage is also a necessary condition for sitting down and listening.",
"Richness is a necessary state for standing and speaking. Riches are also a necessary condition for sitting down and listening.",
"Wealth is a necessary state to stop and talk. Wealth are also a necessary condition to sit and listen.",
"Property is the necessary position to stop the talk. Property is also necessary to listen and listen.",
"Property is an important place to stop property. Hearing and listening is also important.",
"Property is an important place to stop property ownership. Hearing and listening is also important.",
"Property is a major part of the economy. It is important to hear and listen.",
"Real estate is a major part of the economy. It's important to hear and listen",
"Real estate is a major part of the economy. It is important to hear and listen",
"Real estate is a great part of the economy. Hearing and listening is important",
"Real estate is a big part of the economy. Hearing and listening is important",
"Soil is part of the industry. Hearing and listening are important",
"Land is part of the industry. Hearing and listening is essential",
"Land is part of the industry. Hearing and listening is essential",
"Land is part of the industry. Listening and listening are essential",
"Land is part of the industry. Listening and listening are essential" ],
[ "Children are our most precious resource.",
"Plant is our most valuable resource.",
"The plant is our most valuable resource.",
"The home is the most important thing.",
"The most important thing in the home is.",
"The most important thing in the home is.",
"The most important thing in the home is.",
"The most important thing is at home.",
"The most important thing is at home.",
"The most important thing is at home.",
"The most important thing is at home.",
"The most important thing is at home.",
"The most important thing is at home.",
"The most important thing is at home.",
"The most important thing is at home.",
"The most important thing is at home." ],
[ "The most important thing is that love is your gift.",
"The most important thing is that your gift is love.",
"The most important thing is that your gift is love.",
"Most important, your gift is love.",
"The most important is your favorite love.",
"The most important is your favorite love.",
"Your favorite love is very important.",
"Your love is very important.",
"Your love is very important.",
"Your love is very important.",
"Your love is very important.",
"Your love is so important.",
"Your love is very important.",
"Your love is very important.",
"Your love is very important.",
"Your love is very important." ],
[ "The music in the soul can be heard in the universe.",
"The music in the soul can be heard in the universe.",
"The music of the soul can be heard in the universe.",
"Live music on earth can be heard.",
"The music can be heard on earth.",
"Music can be heard on the ground.",
"Sound can be heard throughout the world.",
"Sound can be heard around the world.",
"Sound is heard around the world.",
"Audio is heard all over the world.",
"Sound is heard all over the world.",
"The voice hears around the world.",
"The voice of the world hears the sound.",
"The voice of the world is hearing the sound.",
"The voice of the world is heard by sound.",
"The voice of the world is heard by sound." ],
[ "Peace begins with a smile.",
"Peace starts with a smile.",
"Peace begins with a smile.",
"Peace begins with a smile.",
"Applies with peace.",
"Enforce peace.",
"Strengthen peace.",
"Strengthening peace",
"Strengthening peace",
"Strengthen peace",
"Strengthen peace",
"Strengthen peace",
"Strengthen peace",
"Strengthening peace",
"Strengthening Peace",
"Strengthening Peace" ],
[ "Success is like yourself, like what you do, like the way you work.",
"Success like yourself, like what you do, is the way you work.",
"Success like you, like what you do, is the way you work.",
"Victory like you, like what you are doing, is the way you are working.",
"Your victory, what you are doing is the way you are working.",
"Your success, what you are doing.",
"Your progress, your work.",
"Your progress, your work.",
"Your progress, your work.",
"Your progress, your work.",
"Your progress, your work.",
"Your success, your job.",
"Your success, your job.",
"Your success, your job.",
"Your success, your job.",
"Your success, your job." ],
[ "A friend is someone who knows you and still loves you.",
"A friend is someone who knows you and still loves you.",
"A friend is someone who knows you and still loves you.",
"The friend is the person who knows you and loves you.",
"The friend is the one who knows you and loves you.",
"Friend is a person you know and love you.",
"A friend is a person you love and loves.",
"A friend is a friend you love and love.",
"A friend is a friend you love and love.",
"She's a friend and a friend.",
"She is a friend and a friend.",
"He is a friend and a friend.",
"He is friendly and friendly.",
"It is friendly and friendly.",
"It is friendly and friendly.",
"It is friendly and friendly." ],
[ "If the opportunity does not knock on the door, build a door.",
"If the opportunity does not hit the door, build a door.",
"If the opportunity does not affect the door, edit a door.",
"If the opportunity does not affect the door, fix the door.",
"If this opportunity does not affect the door, press the door.",
"If this opportunity does not affect the door, open the door.",
"If this gate is close to the door, open the door.",
"If the gate is close to the door, open the door.",
"If the door is approaching the door, open the door.",
"If the door is coming to the door, open the door.",
"If the door comes to the door, open the door.",
"If the door arrives at the door, open the door.",
"If the door enters the door, open the door.",
"If the door goes to the door, open the door.",
"If the door goes to the door, open the door.",
"If the door goes to the door, open the door." ],
[ "Never leave it to the tomorrow you can do today.",
"Never leave it to the future that you can do today.",
"Never leave it to the future you can do today.",
"Do not let it in the future you can do today.",
"Do not let it come in the future that you can do today.",
"Do not allow that comes in the future that you can do today.",
"Know that in the future you can do these days.",
"You know that you can do these days in the future.",
"You know you can do these days in the future.",
"You know that you can do these days in the future.",
"You know you can do these days in the future.",
"You know you can do this in the future.",
"You know that you can do it in the future.",
"You know you can do it in the future.",
"You know that you can do it in the future.",
"You know that you can do it in the future." ],
[ "If you have not made a mistake, you will not encounter enough serious problems.",
"If you have not made a mistake, you will not encounter enough serious problems.",
"If you have not made a mistake, you will not find enough serious problems.",
"If you do not make mistakes, you will not find a serious problem.",
"If you do not make mistakes, you will not get a serious problem.",
"If you do not make mistakes, you will not get a serious problem.",
"Avoid doing wrong, and do not get too much trouble.",
"Avoid doing the wrong thing and do not get a lot of trouble.",
"Do not use the wrong thing and do not get a lot of trouble.",
"Do not use the wrong thing and you do not get enough trouble.",
"Don't use the wrong thing and you won't get enough trouble.",
"Do not use the incorrect and you will not get enough trouble.",
"Do not use errors and will not have enough trouble.",
"Do not use errors and will not have enough trouble.",
"Do not use errors and will not have enough trouble.",
"Do not use errors and will not have enough trouble." ],
[ "We must learn to live together like a brother or die like a fool.",
"We must learn to live together as a brother or die as a fool.",
"We have to learn to live like a brother or die like a fool.",
"We must learn to be like a brother or die like a fool.",
"We need to be like a brother or die foolishly.",
"We should be like a brother or a fool.",
"We are like a brother and a fool.",
"We are like a brother and a fool",
"We're like a brother and a fool",
"We are a brother and a fool",
"We are a brother and a fool",
"We are a brother and a fool",
"We are brothers and fools",
"We are brothers and friends",
"We are brothers and friends",
"We are brothers and friends" ],
[ "Life is like a camera. Focus only on important things, seize good times, develop from a negative perspective, and if things don't succeed, just take another shot.",
"Life is like a camera. Focus only on important things, take good times, develop from a negative perspective, and if things do not succeed, just take another shot.",
"Life is like a camera. Focus only on important things, take good times, develop from a negative perspective and, if things do not succeed, you just have to do it again.",
"Life is like a camera. Assisting on important things, taking good time, avoiding negative thoughts, and if things do not work, you must only repeat them.",
"Life is like a camera. Supporting important things, taking good times, avoid negative thoughts, and if you do not work, you only need to re-return them.",
"Life is like Cameras. Support key things, take a good time, avoid negative thoughts, and if you do not work you just need to get them back.",
"Life is like the camera. Supports important things, make good choices, avoid negative thoughts, and be careful to do things that are right to bring them back.",
"Life is like a camera. Support for important things, good choices, avoid negative thoughts, and be careful about doing things that's right to bring them back.",
"Life is like a camera. Promote important things, good choice, avoid negative thoughts, and be careful when doing things to get them right back.",
"A camera looks like life. Promoting important things, a good choice, avoiding negative thoughts, and taking care of things to get them back.",
"A camera looks like life. Promote important things, a good choice, avoid negative thoughts and take care of things to get them back.",
"The camera looks like life. Encourage important things, making good choices, avoiding evil and caring for things to get them back.",
"The camera looks like life. Encourage important things, make good choices, take care not to allow evil, and take them back.",
"The camera looks like life. Encouraging important things, making good choices, caring for not allowing bad, and taking them back.",
"The camera looks like a life. Encourage important things, making good decisions, taking care of bad permissions and returning them.",
"The camera looks like a life. Encourage important things, making good decisions, taking care of bad permissions and returning them." ],
[ "When you judge another, you don't define them; you define yourself.",
"When you judge another, you do not define them; you define yourself.",
"When you judge another, do not define them; it defines yourself.",
"If you judge someone, do not define them; it describes yourself.",
"If you decide someone, do not describe them; it describes itself.",
"If you decide about someone, do not explain it; it explains itself.",
"When deciding about one, it does not explain, it explains.",
"It explains it when deciding on one, it does not explain it.",
"It explains this when deciding on one, it does not explain.",
"This explains when he decides on one, he does not explain.",
"This explains when he decides for one, he does not explain.",
"This explains when it's decided on one, it does not explain.",
"It explains when it is made a decision, it does not disclose it.",
"It explains when a decision is made, it does not reveal it.",
"Explains when the decision is made, it does not reveal it.",
"Explains when the decision is made, it does not reveal it." ],
[ "Most people missed the opportunity because it is dressed in overalls and looks like a job.",
"Most people lost the opportunity because it was worn in turbines and looks like a job.",
"Most people missed the opportunity because it was used in turbines and seemed like a job.",
"Most people missed because they were used in the turbines and were like the work.",
"Most people were lost because they were used in Turbine and were like work.",
"Many people lose because they were used in Turbine and were like work.",
"There are many people who lack it for use in turbine and it's just like work.",
"There are many people who do not use it for use in turbines, and it's just like work.",
"There are many people who do not use it for use in turbines, and it's like a job.",
"There are many people who do not use it for use in turbines, and it's like a job.",
"There are many people who do not use it for use in turbines, and it is like a job.",
"There are many people who do not use it in turbines, and it looks like a job.",
"There are many people who do not use the turbines and this seems like a job.",
"There are many people who do not use the turbines and this seems to be a job.",
"There are many people who do not use turbines and it seems to be a job.",
"There are many people who do not use turbines and it seems to be a job." ],
[ "Love me when I am the least worthy, because that is when I really need it.",
"Love me when I am the least worthy, because that's when I really need it.",
"Loving me when I am the least worthy, because that's when I really need it.",
"Loved me when I became more worthy, because that's when I needed it.",
"I like more when I am more capable, because I need it.",
"I am more pleased to be more capable because I need it.",
"I am excited about being ready for what I needed.",
"I'm getting ready for what I needed.",
"I'm preparing for what I need.",
"I am preparing for what I need.",
"I prepare for what I need.",
"I plan for what I want.",
"I'm planning what I want.",
"I plan what I want.",
"I plan what I want.",
"I plan what I want." ],
[ "The most beautiful and beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must feel it with their heart.",
"The most beautiful and beautiful things in the world can not be seen or even touched. They have to feel with their heart.",
"The most beautiful and beautiful things in the world can not be seen or touched. They have to feel with the heart.",
"The best and the best things in the world can not be seen or abused. They must have a feeling of heart.",
"The world does not see the best and the best things can be seen or used. They feel like heart.",
"The world is not considered superior and the best things can be seen or used. They feel like a heart.",
"The world did not really think the best thing to do was to use or use it. Make them like a heart.",
"The world really did not think the best thing was to use it or use it. Put them like a heart",
"The world did not really think it best to use or use it. Give them a heart",
"The world did not think it's better to use or use it. Give them a heart",
"The world didn't think it was better to use or use it. Give them a heart",
"The world does not think it is better to use it or use it. Put their hearts",
"The world does not consider it best to use or use it. Put your hearts",
"The world does not consider it best to use or use it. Put your hearts",
"The world does not consider it to be the best to use or use. Put your hearts on",
"The world does not consider it to be the best to use or use. Put your hearts on" ],
[ "If you want to test your memory, try to remember what you were worried about a year ago.",
"If you want to prove your memory, try to remember what you were worried about a year ago.",
"If you want to try your memory, try to remember what you are concerned about a year ago.",
"If you want to try your imagination, try to remember what you are thinking about the past year.",
"If you would like to try your creation, try to remember what you think about the past year.",
"If you want your technical effort, try what you think about the arrow year.",
"If you want to work wisely, try your imagination in the year.",
"If you want to work wisely, you will experience your imagination throughout the year.",
"If you want to work wisely, you will experience your idea all year round.",
"If you want to work wisely, you'll get your idea throughout the year.",
"If you want to work wisely, you get your idea all year round.",
"If you want to work well, you get your feedback every year.",
"If you want to work well, get your opinion every year.",
"If you want to work well, give your opinion each year.",
"If you want to do good, give your opinion every year.",
"If you want to do good, give your opinion every year." ],
[ "The real opportunity for success lies in people rather than work.",
"The real opportunity for success lies in people rather than work.",
"The real opportunity for success lies in people more than in work.",
"The real opportunity for success is to be more people than the job.",
"The real opportunity for success is that more people than the job.",
"The real opportunity for success is that more people than work.",
"The opportune time for winning is the number of people before work.",
"It's the right time to win the number of people before work.",
"It's the right time to get the number of people before you start work.",
"The right time is to get the number of people before you start work.",
"The right time is to get the number of people before you start working.",
"The best time is to get the number of people before you start work.",
"The best time is to get the number of people before you start.",
"The best time is to get the number of people before you start.",
"The best time is to get a number of people before you start.",
"The best time is to get a number of people before you start." ],
[ "Smart people speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.",
"Smart people talk about having something to say; because they have to say something.",
"Smart people talk about having something to say; because they have to say something.",
"Good people talk about getting what they will say; because they have something.",
"What a good person says about getting what they say is. Because they are some",
"What a good person says about achieving what he said. Because they are something",
"This is a good thing the speaker speaks for finding a text message. Because they have something",
"It's a good thing the speaker speaks to find a text message. Because they have something",
"It is good for the speaker to talk about finding a text message. Because they have something",
"It's good for the speaker to talk about text message. Because they have something",
"It is good for the speaker to talk about SMS. Because they have something",
"It is good for speakers to talk about SMS. Because they have something",
"Speakers are good for talking about SMS. Because there is something",
"Speakers are good to talk about SMS. Because there is something",
"Speakers are good at talking about SMS. Because there is something",
"Speakers are good at talking about SMS. Because there is something" ],
[ "It takes a lot of courage to fight against your enemies, but more is to fight against your friends.",
"It takes a lot of courage to fight your enemies, but more is to fight your friends.",
"You need great courage to fight your enemies, but more is to fight against your friends.",
"You need courage to fight the enemy, but the more you fight against your friends.",
"You need courage to face the enemy but you will fight against more friends.",
"You need courage to face the enemy, but you will fight with other friends.",
"Need the strength to stand up now, but to fight with other customers.",
"Need the power to stand now, but to fight against other customers.",
"You need the strength to stand, but to fight against other customers.",
"You need to have the strength, but to fight against other customers.",
"You must have the strength, but to fight against other customers.",
"You have to have the strength, but to kill other users.",
"Must be powerful, but you must kill other users.",
"Must be powerful, but you have to kill other users.",
"It must be powerful, but you have to kill other users.",
"It must be powerful, but you have to kill other users." ],
[ "Unless you swallow it, failure is not painful.",
"Unless you swallow it, failure is not painful.",
"Unless vented, failure is not painful.",
"But if you succeed, failure is not painful.",
"But if you are successful, there is no pain.",
"But if you are successful then there is no pain.",
"But if you're successful it will not hurt.",
"But if you do well, it will not hurt.",
"But if you're doing well, it will not hurt.",
"But if you're doing well, it will not hurt.",
"But if you feel good, it won't hurt you.",
"But if you feel good, it will not hurt you.",
"But if you feel good, it will not hurt you.",
"But if you feel good, it will not hurt you.",
"But if you feel good, it will not hurt you.",
"But if you feel good, it will not hurt you." ],
[ "The mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it doesn't open it.",
"The mind is like parachute. It does not work if it does not open it.",
"The mind is like the parachute. It does not work if it does not open it.",
"The heart is like a parachute. It does not work if it does not open it.",
"Is like a parachute. It does not work that it's not open.",
"Like parachute. It does not work that's not open.",
"Like parachute. It does not work hard to open.",
"Like a parachute, this is not hard to open.",
"It's not hard to open like a parachute.",
"It's not hard to open like a parachute.",
"It is not difficult to open as a parachute.",
"It is not easy to open heart.",
"Opening the heart is not easy.",
"Heart opening is not easy.",
"Opening the heart is not easy.",
"Opening the heart is not easy." ],
[ "The person who removes a mountain must first take away the small stone.",
"The person who first removes a mountain must eradicate the small stone.",
"The person who first removes a mountain must eradicate the small stone.",
"The person who started to clear the stone must remove the rocky cliff.",
"The person who started to clear the stone should eliminate the stone block.",
"The one who started to clear the rock should stop the coal block.",
"The one who started to open the stone to finish the screw.",
"Who started the rock to complete the screw.",
"Who started the rock to finish the bolt.",
"Who started the rock to finish the bolt.",
"Who started the rock to finish the bolt.",
"Who starts the rocks to complete the dust.",
"Who starts rocks to complete dust?",
"Who starts rocks to fill dust?",
"Who Begins the Rocks to Fill the Dust?",
"Who Begins the Rocks to Fill the Dust?" ],
[ "When you are completely peaceful with yourself, nothing can shake you.",
"When you are completely peaceful with yourself, nothing can shake you.",
"When you are completely calm with yourselves, nothing can shake you.",
"When you calm down, you will not be shaken.",
"When you're silent, you'll be bored.",
"When you're silent, you'll be surprised.",
"Stay calm, you will be surprised.",
"Be quiet, you will be amazed",
"Be calm, you will be amazed",
"Be calm, you'll be surprised",
"Be calm, you will be surprised",
"Being calm, you will be surprised",
"It will surprise you if you are calm",
"It will be surprised if you are quiet",
"You will be surprised if you are silent",
"You will be surprised if you are silent" ],
[ "It's your own first-class version, not the second-rate version of others.",
"It is your first-class version, not the revision rate of other people.",
"It is your first-class version, not the review rate of other people.",
"This is your first one, not a personal opinion of others.",
"This is one of your first, not the others' opinions.",
"This is your first, not other ideas.",
"This is your first thing, not the other.",
"This is the first thing that is no longer.",
"This is the first thing that is not.",
"This is the first thing that is not.",
"This is the first thing that is not.",
"This is the first part that is wrong.",
"This is the first part of the error.",
"This is the first part of the error.",
"This is the first part of the mistake.",
"This is the first part of the mistake." ],
[ "Your value lies in what you are, not what you have.",
"Your value lies in what you are, not what you have.",
"Your value lies in what you are, not what you have.",
"Your worth is what you are, not what you have.",
"Your price is yours that you do not have.",
"Your price is yours, which you do not have.",
"Your reward is yours, you have no.",
"Your reward is yours.",
"Your reward is yours.",
"Your reward is yours.",
"Your reward is yours.",
"Your reward is yours.",
"Your reward is yours.",
"Your reward is yours.",
"Your reward is yours.",
"Your reward is yours." ],
[ "Others can temporarily stop you, you are the only one who can do it forever.",
"Others can suspend you, you are the only one who can do it for ever.",
"Others may suspend them, you are the only one who can do it forever.",
"Some may stop them, you alone who can do it forever.",
"Something can stop them, you can do it alone.",
"Some things they can not do, you can only do it.",
"In some ways they can do it, you can do it.",
"In some ways, they can do this.",
"In some ways, they can do it.",
"In some ways, they can do it.",
"In some ways, they can do it.",
"In some ways, they can do it.",
"They can do it in some ways.",
"They can do it in some ways.",
"They can do it in some way.",
"They can do it in some way." ],
[ "There is no limit to life, except what you make.",
"There is no restriction to life, except what you do.",
"There is no restriction on life, except what you do.",
"There is no restriction in life except what you are doing.",
"There is no restriction in life except for what you are working.",
"There are no limitations in life, as long as you are working.",
"There are no limits to life, as long as you do.",
"There is no limit to life until you do it.",
"There is no limit to life until you do it.",
"There is no limit to life until you do it.",
"There is no limit to life until you do it.",
"There are no restrictions on life until you complete it.",
"There is no limit to your going out.",
"There is no restriction on your going out.",
"There are no restrictions in your release.",
"There are no restrictions in your release." ],
[ "Peace comes from the heart. Don't ask for it.",
"Peace comes from the heart. Do not ask for it.",
"Peace comes from the heart. Do not ask for it.",
"Peace comes from the heart. Do not seek it.",
"Hi i'm from the heart Do not have to find it.",
"Hi, I'm not happy with this.",
"Sorry, I do not enjoy this.",
"I'm sorry, I'm not enjoying this",
"I'm sorry I do not like it",
"Sorry, I do not like it",
"Unfortunately, I don't like it",
"Unfortunately, I do not like it",
"Unfortunately, I do not like it",
"Unfortunately, I do not like it",
"Unfortunately, I do not like it",
"Unfortunately, I do not like it" ]
]
